Add P40, P20 and P18 Keyboards by pabile (#8759)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/pabile/p40/README.md

# P40 

> A compact 4x10 (40%) staggered DIY keyboard kit
> 
> ![prototype photo1](https://github.com/pabile/Pabile40/blob/master/_bak/web-DSCN9033.jpg)
> 
> [home](https://pabileonline.blogspot.com/search/label/pabile40)
> 
> For default example of layout, run
>     <code>make pabile/p40:default</code>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![prototype photo1](https://github.com/pabile/Pabile40/blob/master/_bak/web-DSCN9033.jpg)

A compact 4x10 (40%) staggered DIY keyboard kit.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [pabile](https://github.com/pabile)
* Hardware Supported: Pabile P40 PCB, Pro Micro
* Hardware Availability: [Info at pabileonline.blogspot.com](https://pabileonline.blogspot.com/search/label/pabile40)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make pabile/p40:default

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```
